docs: update references to the ECS variant for GA (#1637)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: SECURITY_FEATURES.md

There is no package manager database or shared filesystem tree that can become corrupted and make the process non-deterministic.

Our philosophy for variants is that the right time for an unexpected major version update to the kernel or orchestrator agent is "never".

#### Kubernetes variants

Each Kubernetes variant will be supported for approximately one year after it is first released.
This follows the [Amazon EKS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/kubernetes-versions.html) support policy.
Newer LTS releases of the kernel may be introduced in newer variants, but not in older ones.

We provide [a Kubernetes operator](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator) for automated updates to Bottlerocket.
We recommend deploying it on your Kubernetes clusters.

#### ECS variant

We currently have a single variant for Amazon ECS.

> Newer LTS releases of the kernel may be introduced in newer variants, but not in the current one.

Reviewer: Maybe we can future-proof this with:

```suggestion
Newer LTS releases of the kernel may be introduced in newer variants, but not in older ones.
```

That's already what we use in the kubernetes section and we will have more ecs variants

Author: I changed this from the Kubernetes text because we don't have more than one.  "Older ones" didn't make sense to me.
